---
layout: single
title: Fabflix
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
excerpt: Class Project for Databases and Web Applications
author_profile: true
---

This project is one of my favorites in UCI since me and my friend built a website
from scratch.

I took this project course in Spring 2021. An old website of the class can be found 
[here](https://grape.ics.uci.edu/wiki/public/wiki/cs122b-2019-winter). 
There weren't any changes to the requirements to any of the projects/tasks.

No code/Github repo is listed because this project course is offered almost every
quarter in UCI and always have the same requirements. 

## Background

The course project is building a fictitious e-commerce website called *Fabflix*. 
On the website, you can find and purhcase movies. 

You have to build everything from scratch. 

## Task 1 - Setting up the Website 

Task 1 was a simple start to the project. We had to create DDL statements to
start the foundation for our database. The requirements were already given to us,
we just had to make them work when we import the data. 

My friend and I used AWS to host our web server (it's required for the project). 
We used MySQL as our database and Apache Tomcat as our application server. 

Since the course was to scale and improve our website, we had to choose an 
architecture design. We ended up choosing a REST API since it was the easiest to
maintain and we didn't have to change anything for future tasks.  

After we got our database running, we had to make the front end of the 
website. For Task 1, we only had to create 3 pages that had a "jump" functionality
(the pages can be redirect to each other).

For every task, we had to record a demo of our site functionality.
So here's Task 1's video. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/gs8s__miUOc" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Task 2 - Development of the Website

Task 2 was the most difficult task since we were only given two weeks to develop
a well built website. From knowing nothing to building a full-fledge website
was difficult.. but we managed to do it and we learned a lot. 

The requirements was to build a login page, search page, and a shopping cart.

The most difficult part was trying to figure out where to start. We had to
make sure all of our Java Servlets connected to each other. We also wanted to pass
information from a previous page to the next to keep things consistent. 
We weren't allowed to use HTTP cookies to store anything. 

Here's a demo of Task 2. 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/2d_RnZnQXvo" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Task 3 - Security and Importing More Data to the Database

We had to make our website secure, so we added 
[reCAPTCHA](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/about/). reCAPTCHA was only used
for our login page though. We also had to add HTTPS to our page. What we did
was force all HTTP requests to be redirected to HTTPS through Tomcat.

Since we had a database full of passwords, we had to encrypt those 
passwords. We used [jasypt](http://www.jasypt.org/) to encrypt every users'
password in our database. 

After adding all these security features, we had to create an "admin" 
dashboard to the website. The admin dashboard was used to add movies and other 
entries manually. This was built using MySQL's stored proecedures. 

The last part of the task was to parse XML data and add it to the database.
I remember this being a diifficult task because I had to look through
XML data (there were thousands of entries) that were inconsistent. 
The parser added about 20,000 more entries to our database. 

The majority of the demo shows that we're adding the parsed data to our
database. So skip to 6:31 if you want to see the website. 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/HS5hydjLNl4" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Task 4 - Full Text Search, Autocomplete, and Android Development

For this task, we had to build an Android application that can read
data from our website/database. This is why REST API is a very powerful 
architecture for building applications; everything can connect together. 

Full text search was mostly handled with AJAX since you return records with
terms that match like '%ABC%'. There was also a bit of caching done to keep 
a list of what searches that was used. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/a39ofhxQiqM" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Task 5 - Scaling and Performance Tuning

To test the performance of our website, we had to enable connection
pooling. This is very helpful when performance testing because
we set up a Master-slave replication (aka primary-secondary) to
scale our website. We used another AWS instance and created a
GCP (Google Cloud Platform) instance for load balancing. 

We then tested the performance of our website's search fecture
by using JMeter. We tested this with 10 threads on each of our
load balancers. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/OT0IX-RX8DE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Conclusion

This was one of my last class I had to take at UCI. 
And I'm glad I took it since I've learned so much. 
I had a lot of fun with this class/project. If I had to do 
this class again, I would use a different web stack just to learn 
more and probably spend more time developing the UI/UX design.

The website looks sloppy in the end because my friend and I
were trying to reach the deadline for the tasks and we weren't
really given any extra credit on how pretty it looked. 
