---
layout: single
title: The End of 2020
categories:
  - Post
tags: [PERSONAL] 
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

excerpt: How my Fall 2020 quarter went and other stuff.
---

## TLDR
The quarter is over, time to go home. 

---

The quarter has officially ended for me with my last final being yesterday 
evening. This will be the last time I'll probably be living in Irvine as well
since I'm moving out in a few days. Even though the quarter was online, I 
still enjoyed my classes. 

## Election Week 
Man, the elections was really something. 
It was really hard to focus on school because of Election Night. 
Even though the results obviously wouldn't have come out on that night, it 
was still important for me to watch because I just NEEDED to know who will
be the the president. It was pretty tough trying to study for exams when 
the future is based on a single night...which ended up being a few days. 
But the results were what I expected. The aftermath as well. Here's to
a hopeful and better year. 

## Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving was also something pretty different for me. 
I never had a Thanksgiving away from my family until this year. I'm so grateful
for my landlord and his family for always providing me food at least once
a week. But Thanksgiving, they went all out. They prepared a lot of food for
everyone in the house and I just felt so happy and thankful that I'm
living in an amazing household. 

I am also really thankful for the friends that I made in Irvine through 
archery. I was expecting all of my friends to go home for Thanksgiving, 
but some stayed and invited me to their Thanksgiving dinner. I wish I could've
told them how thankful I was for them because hanging out with them on this day
made me really happy. I expected to be alone for Thanksgiving, but there I was. 
The food was really delicious too. I usually never eat Turkey on Thanksgiving
but the way it was made was sooooo good. It wasn't dried at all!!! 
I wish I could've done something more for my friends. They're wonderful
and awesome people. I really hope me moving away will not make us distant. 

## School Stuff
This quarter wasn't actually too bad. I really enjoyed the Internet of Things 
class that I took. We had to make a project out of an Arduino and lots of
other sensors. I really liked the labs too, even if it was online it wasn't
difficult at all. Building something out of various parts was a great learning
experience for me. 

One of the classes that I knew I was going to dislike was machine learning. I don't
like theories and concepts. The topic is definitely interesting, but it is not
for me. I like the concepts of AI, but machine learning is a no... I don't like
plotting and training data. 

The database management class that I took was really interesting too. I probably
want to do more with it in the future.

I was over all my classes during by like week 10, so. 
I'm just pretty excited to move back home. 

## What Now
Well this year, winter break is only 2 weeks long. I've been packing to move back
to Sacramento, but there isn't much to pack. My cousins came down a few weeks ago
to help me move some things anyways, so I'm pretty sure I have enough space in my
car for the rest of my stuff. 

I can't wait to go home though. I'm probably going to reorganize my room... mainly 
my closet. Play with my sister cause I miss her so much. And then play 
Marvel's Spiderman (2018). My boyfriend got me a lot of games during Black Friday
but I just really wanted Spiderman, but the more the merrier. Hahaha, if he reads 
this, you will **NEVER** outgift me. 

___

I'm looking forward to the new year since this one has been pretty abysmal. But time
to move forward by moving out of Irvine. Here's hoping for a better year. 

-LW 
